Silvia, let's analyze the profitability in the perfume industry,
or perhaps the evolution of profitability, from the perspective of the five forces of Porter.
I'm going to ask you.
As you told me before, the loyalty of consumers has decreased.
This means that the power of the consumer is greater,
and you require a permanent development of products,
and more money spent on communication, etc.
Therefore, the profitability is low.
Yes and no.
Sorry to interrupt you.
It is true that until now we have been developing
according to what the brand thought the consumer had to offer.
And that in market research, in terms of what they were looking for,
it would require an investment, a spending.
Now we have a great advantage,
and it is precisely because of that bidirectional relationship with the consumer
that we can spend less money.
Because he himself, proactively, tells you what he wants.
So that has a huge advantage,
at the expense level, at the time level, and at the level of getting it right.
Yes, that is an advantage, being closer.
For example, the fact that customers are less loyal,
and I understand that this is always the case in all sectors,
increases the competitive struggle.
Because when the customer is loyal for life,
you don't have to be fighting with the brand next door.
On the other hand, in this case, I imagine that the competitive war,
the price war, etc., will have increased over the years.
Yes.
Obviously, you have to be more innovative,
and I insist again, go more to what the customer is really looking for.
I mean, get it right more.
Before, you developed for everyone,
and now your creativity has to be based not on developing a product that you think of globally,
but you have to develop multiple products right now,
that go specifically according to each of the consumers.
And I insist again, it is very important, not only the product,
it is a matter of communication, that it is very personalized.
It is a matter of visual merchandising,
approach the consumer in a personalized way.
So, your creativity really has to overflow and be brutal.
Of course, every time the strength of the customers,
the non-loyalty, requires greater efforts from all brands.
I mean, it makes what we sometimes call the red ocean,
the competition, bigger, because if you don't make those efforts, you are left out.
Another factor that influences you, and that negatively influences profitability,
is the arrival of products, we could call them substitutes,
because they are almost substitutes, such as replicas, for example.
But I don't know to what degree it affects.
It affects us brutally, both what replicas are,
and what facifications are,
such as, for example, that parallel market we have of testers.
The replicas, so that we understand each other,
are those products that seem to smell like air, like essence, like Pouhon,
but it seems to have the same composition,
that they seem to be made with the same ingredients,
and they have absolutely nothing in common.
Yes, but they are legal, they are sold in stores that are franchises.
They are legal, but they are sold in a standard bottle,
and you buy it for 9 euros, while we are selling it for 90, or 50, or whatever.
But it really doesn't smell like air, it seems to smell like air,
but it doesn't have the smell, or the persistence, etc.
Then, on the other hand, we have all that online world of falsifications,
which does us a lot of damage, not only in terms of sales,
but also in terms of brand image.
Because, even though you know that you are not buying the replica,
in the falsifications you think you are buying the replica.
So, you are buying a product that has the same bottle,
that you think is the same bottle,
and that you think what is inside is exactly the same.
So, neither the same bottle, nor the packaging is carefully made,
and then, the worst thing is that, as a consumer,
you are putting a perfume on your skin,
knowing what it is made of.
So, it probably has a series of chemical components,
that in many cases can cause you an allergy.
So, at the brand image level,
I as a brand, am seeing something that really does not fit my quality standards.
But at the consumer level, the worst thing is that you are buying
a product that you think you are wearing,
that is the good one,
and it is causing you a series of allergic reactions,
or it does not last, or it does not persist what you think,
or it does not smell as you think it should smell.
So, at the brand image level,
that you think it is a good product,
it is doing me a lot of damage.
And then, of course, we have what are the sales in parallel
that we are finding of testers.
The testers are those products that are real for sale,
that are delivered in the distribution,
and the customer directly tests it,
and if he likes the perfume, he takes it.
Well, we are finding online testers sales.
There are even physical stores that also put it,
that it is a testers sale.
But it is illegal.
It is illegal.
And there are physical stores.
There are physical stores.
So, the worst of all is that this should be regulated,
it should be prohibited, because even as a consumer,
we put in the products,
tester prohibited from sale.
I understand that this is not as big as the previous ones.
And then there is another force that I also think
that is negatively affected,
and it is the power of your distributor,
of your distribution channel.
How does that affect?
How does it evolve?
In the same way that I insist again,
I think that distribution,
as it is understood today,
or as we have been working with it,
I think that if it is not going to die,
it is going to evolve or change a lot.
Also what is true,
that we are realizing lately,
is that this distribution is concentrating.
Large distribution groups are being created.
Perfumeries, chains of perfumeries,
are joining together.
Large distribution groups are being created.
With which, that implies that at the level of strength,
as a collaborator,
because you don't have to understand it as a supplier,
but really as a collaborator,
we are taking a very important force
at the level of negotiations.
Also, opportunities that they offer us
in terms of possibilities
of larger sales points,
of larger spaces.
That is, I mean,
that not only do you have to see the negative advantages,
that the policies are more strict or more rigid,
or that it requires you much more commercially,
in terms of conditions,
but also that it offers you many more possibilities.
It offers you something too, but it offers it to everyone.
Yes, it offers it to everyone.
The best position.
Indeed, you said it, the best position.
If we do an analysis,
if we make a summary of profitability
from the point of view of the forces of Porter,
we find that it reduces the loyalty of customers,
that it is true that it requires continuous developments of I plus D,
more spending.
This also reduces the loyalty of customers,
it makes the competitive war greater,
because the brands are fighting
in a red ocean,
permanently having to innovate, etc.
Profitability drops, obviously.
Compared to when, in the 70s,
you were almost alone in Spain, etc.
Distribution is concentrated,
which is what tightens you more,
because it has more strength than before.
And finally, also,
substitutive products,
such as replicas,
such as falsifications,
and even parallel markets of testers.
Therefore, if we analyze the forces that are affecting us,
the outlook is worse than a few years ago,
let's say that it has affected you negatively
in terms of profitability.
Yes, but it also offers you many opportunities.
But to everyone.
Yes, to everyone, obviously.
But they are opportunities that you have to play
at the level of what we said before,
of the intrinsic of the brand,
of the strength of the brand.
This red ocean requires you
to have a very powerful brand
with very powerful values,
because otherwise you cannot compete.
Obviously.
But it also allows you to work
the world, at least in our case, of perfume,
not only at the level of what the product itself is,
but at the level of the whole experience,
which I think is fundamental
in all segments,
in the world of perfume,
and in the world of luxury.
Obviously, it is especially important.
So,
that innovation
that many people in the past
always said,
I have to create a new feminine perfume,
we always saw it at the level of the world
of physical perfume,
Teo Abbrey,
the possibility of saying,
no, let's go to the world of experiences,
let's see the characteristics,
what the OEB offers,
what others can offer,
and let's work on that.